Israel announced the end of the
ceasefire in Gaza with a barrage of
missile strikes targeting residential
areas and refugee camps from the north
to the south of the Strip This is the
Rafa refugee camp in southern
Gaza on Thursday US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin told prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu that Israel cannot
repeat the mass civilian casualties and
displacement of Palestinians it
inflicted on Northern
Gaza the density of the buildings and
the number number of people forced to
relocate here shows how devastating a
repeat of what happened in the north of
Gaza will
be Netanyahu says Israel is committed to
its goals for the war the annihilation
of Hamas and the return of all
hostages this is the AL magazi refugee
camp in central Gaza the few hospitals
still open in Gaza are receiving a new
wave of casualties one of the first is a
child and bodies are already ping up I
I've seen stretches coming through
ambulances coming as we drove here 50 me
50 100 m away maximum from NASA hospital
now the the biggest remaining hospital
for the people of Gaza here uh there was
a hit so I'm seeing ambulances and
stretches coming through uh Hospital
staff obviously who've already been
working 24/7 and now running this
Hospital despite the immense efforts Rob
of the brave brave courageous health
staff cannot take another assault the
people cannot take another assault
there's thousands of people sleeping
here beyond the fact that it's a 200%
capacity for the children and injured
who need the that medical
care just hours earlier Hamas had
released more Israeli captives and
Israel freed 30 Palestinian women and
children from its jails these will be
the last people released for now while
the war has restarted sources say
negotiations between katarine Egyptian
mediators and Israel and Hamas are
continuing Bernard Smith Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer